FEAT-#4371: Add logging to Modin (#4372)
modin-project/modin: docs/usage_guide/advanced_usage/index.rst

:doc:`Modin XGBoost architecture documentation </flow/modin/experimental/xgboost>` for information about implementation and
internal execution flow.

Logging and Tracing with Modin
------------------------------

> Modin logging and tracing allows users to gain observability into their queries by logging internal Modin API calls, partition metadata, 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Modin logging allows users to gain observability into their queries by logging internal Modin API calls, partition metadata, 
```
this feels more concise and is a better name imo

> Modin logging offers users greater insight into their queries by logging internal Modin API calls, partition metadata, 
> and profiling system memory. When Modin logging is enabled (default disabled), log files are written to a local `.modin` directory at the same
> directory level as the notebook/script used to run Modin. See our :doc:`Logging with Modin documentation <modin_logging>` 
> for usage information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modin logging offers users greater insight into their queries by logging internal Modin API calls, partition metadata, 
and system memory. Logging is disabled by default, but when it is enabled, log files are written to a local `.modin` directory at the same directory level as the notebook/script used to run Modin. See our :doc:`Logging with Modin documentation <modin_logging>` for usage information.
```

> directory level as the notebook/script used to run Modin. See our :doc:`Logging and Tracing with Modin documentation <modin_logging>` 

Reviewer: Same here - is there a reason we specify both Logging and Tracing?
